There are all kinds of sailors that are part of your team. Um, one sailor
that causes problems in a team. Um, our sailors, who maybe are unhappy,
Um, disgruntled, uh, a sailor who is maybe ready to get out.
Their time is up. Um, and they may bring unhappiness to the team. How
would I handle that? I I do believe in inclusion, including everybody,
even the ones that don't wanna be a part of something. So I have
to communicate. I have to speak to that sailor. I have to sit them
down and ask them, Um, what's going on? How can I help you? Um, how
do you see yourself being a part of the team, or do you even see yourself
being part of the team? So in order to help someone, you have
to communicate with them. We don't know their story. We don't know
what happened the day before or the day. Or maybe that moment. So maybe
they're going through something. So the biggest thing is to communicate.
I have a sailor right now who, um, is struggling Thio be a
part of the team? Um, he's unhappy. Um, he's ready to get out the Navy.
And you know that cliche. One bad apple spoils the bunch. It's
not always true. You could tell the ones that are unhappy and he is
unhappy. And I just sat down with him today and I explained why I I
just sat down with him and just asking the question of what's going
on. He explained it. And while you think it's supposed to spill over
into everyone else, it almost did. But it didn't. And one conversation,
just one conversation, and he feels better, so I just believe in
order. Thio, help someone get through that you have a conversation.